Meeting notes 30 jan 24
- K: We also discussed this list briefly and you said that you’ll look at it and see if any of the grants might be of interest to us.
  https://iffr.com/en/iffr/2024/per-day
- A: Write down questions for the Zoom meeting
  - Why is the wiki ahead of the code?
    - Maybe a ‘mockup’ where ideas get crystallized, then implemented in code
  - Do we need to add new classes, new axioms..
  - ...
  - What’s the status of the Research and Engagement WGs?
- Using Protege, Abhi has it working
  - OWL: Ontology World Language is the coding language
- K: Look for the tracking quote
- Hypercerts coming soon
