Meeting notes 29 feb 24

Ontology WG
- Suggest to CCN if anybody wants to test the ontology.
- First ask the WG guys about finding a testing party, we know some projects.
  - They need ...a ‘usable’ version
  - How would it be integrated?
- Explain that Ruy couldn’t see how it would be used
- The diagram makes it more concrete or tangible
- They need real-world feedback, seems like it’s time

Communication/Promotion
+ K: Change the DNS to IPFS
- K: Check out Climate Collective, link in Telegram
+ K: Look at the Hypercert Collection to see if images show up
- K: maybe there’s a Hypercert Tg group

Planning
- Abhi will be in India from March 2nd-22nd
- Kit will be in Mexico first nine days of April
