Meeting notes 23 jan 25, thu

Archive of RiseUp:

Greenpill and other Meeting Notes

Notes on various meetings, too long to paste in Telegram, or requiring formatting.


â—Š Octant Town Hall â€“ 23 jan 25, thu
Some attendees: Coi, Wasabi, Jon Ruth
- Ben: Sustainability of funding, for funders and donors
  - A way to reward donors if your consistent with your funding
  - Announcement over the next couple of months, incentives for the donors
- Epoch 7 will be the same
- Alpha: if you are able to amplify messages on Twitter and Farcaster, that will increase your chanced of winning the sweepstakes


â—Š GP Dev Guild Chat â€“ 21 jan 25, tue
Matt Strachman 8:04â€¯PM 
AGENDA
Allo Capital Office Hours Takeaways
Crypto Altruists Podcast
AI Hackathon
Polygon Grant
Working Capital Database
DeSci Round Funding
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R096EFtdbNcyHYeICkkbeslEN_fwowuLAigTuJfWr4I/edit#slide=id.g326d93b6213_0_1540
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oeiUcUQEIfy7a-Ai7jkuWQT8iXcug1-q1piWxpVskso/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.a2esaoud2994
https://t.me/c/2436853036/12/884
- ETHDenver: Coi will arrive the 18th [start is the 23rd?]
koH io 8:32â€¯PM https://www.gitcoin.co/blog/polygon-launch-the-ultimate-ai-battle-royale
  This is the one I thought
Kit 8:34â€¯PM Isn't it this one?
  https://ethglobal.com/events/agents
  Their hackathons are really well organized
Evan Hudson 8:36â€¯PM Has anyone made an AI agent framework for ERC6551 token bound account NFTs? They are like NFTs with built in wallets that can hold other tokens
Bertrand Juglas 8:37â€¯PM yes I've seen one but not digged into it yet
  that's also a topic I would like to explore.
Matt Strachman 8:39â€¯PM https://polygon.technology/blog/polygon-community-grants-program-announces-season-2-with-35m-pol-and-ai-leading-the-pack
Here is the weekly infiniteregen luma https://lu.ma/cia4ekye?tk=EhFHt3


â—Š Allo Capital Miro session â€“ 17 jan 25, fri
https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLwW74i4=/
- Payouts to European citizens may have to deal with the â€˜Travel Ruleâ€™
- Kevin Owocki 6:53â€¯PM https://github.com/orgs/allocapital/projects/5
- Kevin Owocki 7:36â€¯PM https://github.com/allocapital/tomeofknowledge/issues/64
  here u go https://github.com/allocapital/allo.capital/issues/3


â—Š GP Network Community Call - 15 jan 25, wed
Matt Strachman 7:05â€¯PM
ðŸ“¹ Please be advised that this call is being recorded
ðŸŸ¢ Charmverse - https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-network/ðŸ“ Hub - https://hub.greenpill.network/
ðŸ’¬ Discord Invite - https://discord.gg/greenpill
ðŸ‘¥ Telegram Invite - https://t.me/+g9TM8i7GpxAzMGUx
ðŸŽ‰ Events Calendar - https://lu.ma/greenpill-network
ðŸ“† Meetings Calendar - https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18zYTFlN2Y3NTNiYzEyMDY2NjA5ZDY1NzE4OTczZGNjYmRiYjYwMjMyNWEzMjdlNzNkM2M2OWMwMjk5ZDEyMDQ2QGdyb3VwLmNhbG
Community server - https://forms.gle/tCHZmgqasZDyy24m8
POAP mint is open for the next hour (until 2:30 pm est)
On the POAP mobile app the secret word is greenpill-2025
Kevin Owocki 8:18â€¯PM would love to get this all written down into a 1 pager i could share with ppl to channel some attention/resources in
  brb doorbell
TYME INC. CEO B. CAULEY 8:18â€¯PM my https://www.linkedin.com/brandoncauley
Jose Cabrera 8:21â€¯PM TYMED! i will reach on dm's!
Eve Marenghi 8:21â€¯PM @nick can you share your contact info? RedHook, Brooklyn
evo swift 8:24â€¯PM Sorry that have to leave now.  Good to participate the community call
Irthu Suresh 8:27â€¯PM https://docsend.com/view/sqra3t5k7amrjgw7
Nick Brown 8:28â€¯PM https://www.linkedin.com/in/nickinparadise +1 416 949 4695 on WhatsApp, @nickinparadise on Telegram
Zachary Marlow - based in NYC, very articulate, broke
Jose Cabrera 8:52â€¯PM gotago, thanks for the space, great vibe
Paul Glavin 8:52â€¯PM https://hackmd.io/aU1lSpnaRN-tWtNuVIjmFA
^ working doc on goals of an LA fire relief effort + resources
Paul Glavin 8:54â€¯PM Can everyone interested in being part of a relief effort add their telegram handle here?
KoH - weâ€™re going to be there on the 18th
Zachary Marlow 8:56â€¯PM cash app: $zazzmar
venmo: zachary-marlow
Matt Strachman 8:56â€¯PM https://x.com/omniharmonic/status/1878634213454606733?mx=2
Irthu Suresh 8:57â€¯PM Hey everyone I am dropping off now, Loved the session, happy to connect with you all. See you all soon. https://x.com/IrthuSuresh
Matt Strachman 8:58â€¯PM https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/636/8
Zachary Marlow 9:02â€¯PM anotherworld.earth


â—Š GreenWill Sync â€“ 14 jan 25, tue
Chris Georgen 9:44â€¯PM
https://github.com/orgs/greenpill-dev-guild/projects/13/views/1?filterQuery=greenwill
https://excalidraw.com/#json=r8JAoJglVh3oO31SIlZCH,deZLZ9nGr0rPk-SDoYWyQA


â—Š GP Dev Guild Chat â€“ 14 jan 25, tue
âˆš Discuss Allo Yeeter Retrospective
Review Task Board
âˆš Support Vrbs Proposal
âˆš Greenpill Monthly Call
âˆš Review Dev Guild Survey Results
âˆš Marketing Brand Kit Competition
ETHGlobal AI Hackathon

- SofÃ­a Villarreal 8:05â€¯PM gmgm! sofia from mexico here! glad to be joining, this is my first call, i joined the guild because of the brand kit contest
- Afo: suggest buying a Vrb, you can also buy voting power
  - #26 Vrbs x Greenpill Denver 2026
Livia Panez 8:40â€¯PM I comming because kowh invite me from the last meeting
Kit 8:40â€¯PM Welcome Livia
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:39â€¯PM https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/gcp-xxx-allo-yeeter-recycling-growing-gmv-with-simple-allocation/19852
Kit 8:44â€¯PM Evan, here's a post from August about Category creation: https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/capital-allocation-category-creation-strategy-2024/19256
- Gardens: has signaling pools with no funds
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:59â€¯PM https://gardens-v2-dev.vercel.app/gardens/421614/0xcc6c8b9f745db2277f7aac1bc026d5c2ea7bd88d/0x289ae94e0315a1ed33f8ecdeee614e4733ceea55
Evan Hudson 9:01â€¯PM Olivia, If you are interested in Amazon regeneration you should join the Regen Foundation call on Thursday around this time!
  Here is the link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85995233779?pwd=ejJoVEdhYXE3dFhDRndBcEVNNW9MUT09


â—Š VDAO Community Call â€“ 14 jan 25, tue
Host: Kris Millar (Irish?)
In 2025: Nature & Tech Immersive Experiences
KoH: Also, Green Pill Deb Guild is woking on some volunteer work in ETHDenver from Feb 18th to 23rd specifically
V-Pass sort of passport that tracks VDAO activity. Itâ€™s a reputation gauge.
Gotta leave for my next meeting, but itâ€™s great to see VDAOâ€™s activity and progress! Maybe weâ€™ll meet in Denver..


â—Š 2025 01 14 Standards WG Meeting â€“ 14 jan 25, tue
Attending: Christiaan, Alex, Alfonso, 13 minutes later Jeff
https://lf-hyperledger.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CASIG/pages/75661422/2025+01+14+Standards+WG
- Happy New Year greetings, I also said â€œBeste wensenâ€ in Dutch which Christiaan and Alex found amusing.
IKI grant
- Christiaan: It seems very specific, I think it will be difficult.
- Jeff: is also submitting for Gitcoin
Silvi - Explore integration possibility with Silviâ€™s ontology for Treekipedia
- Christian: A discussion from the Nova Institute
- Alex: https://www.silvi.earth/
+ Kit: send CauÃ© email to Christiaan
A proposal to the insurance industry to help measure risk with AIAO
- Christiaan: We are talking about the debt structure
- Alfonso: neuro-symbolic AI, knowledge graph, one pathway Iâ€™m looking at
Definitions
- Alex: we want to get to the definitions
- Christiaan: we were very close to done
...defining
  - Note: Is an indicator a representation of the parameter data?
- Christiaan: weâ€™re at the hour, letâ€™s meet next week
  - When weâ€™re done weâ€™ll need some resources to update the OWL file. 


â—Š BD Meeting â€“ 13 jan 25, mon Full Moon
Final BD sync agenda
- Review grant sourcing
- Discuss Allo Yeeter GCP
- Discuss Glo Dollar Grant Round
- Discuss ENS Builders application for GreenWill
- Discuss GreenWill X Prosperity Passport
- Discuss Green Goods partnerships

https://www.cryptoaltruism.org/blog/category/Trailblazers+of+Octant
https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/gcp-xxx-allo-yeeter-recycling-growing-gmv-with-simple-allocation/19852
Chris Georgen 10:52â€¯PM https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/capital-allocation-category-creation-strategy-2024/19256


â—Š GreenWill Sync â€“ 07 jan 25, tue
Afolabi Aiyeloja 9:51â€¯PM https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/bounties-36747173429106916
https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/bounty-database-9448689313778666?viewId=cb509560-7fb1-4af7-a80d-9ed55b036da0&cardId=
https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/create-5-10-bounties-for-q1-2025-5778930768539294


â—Š Dev Guild Chat â€“ 07 jan 25, tue
Intro
Brand Kit Competition
Go Claim GreenWill
Green Goods Update
Review Task Board
Celo Retro Citizens Round

Discussion
Phasing Out Branch Sync
Allo Yeeter Proposal
Allo Growth
Iceboxing Impact Reef and Greenpill Commons

Closing
EoY Survey Reminder
Joining Other Communities

Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:11â€¯PM 
https://guild.xyz/greenwill
Give feedback here, https://discord.com/channels/1252464246873129021/1253174411285237863
+ easyretropgf https://easyretropgf.xyz/celo-citizen-retro
https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/allo-gitcoin-do-they-make-more-sense-together-or-seperate/19730
https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/allo-yeeter-gcp-7164871475102499
https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/allo-gitcoin-do-they-make-more-sense-together-or-seperate/19730
Kit: https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/how-might-we-fund-what-matters-better-faster-cheaper-in-2025/19819/2
https://calendar.app.google/KHJMsF1TpqmASz6o6


â—Š Hand Protocol X Greenpill Dev Guild Space #6 â€“ 20 dec 24, fri
- Hand = Holistic Approach to Nurture and Develop
POAP: build-2025-green (minted in the CR wallet too, now that I have multiple phones)


â—Š BD Meeting â€“ 16 dec 24, mon
Agenda
- Discuss Octant revamp
- Discuss Celo/Regen Coordination grant opportunities
- Discuss Allo RFC and Sov convo
- Determine grant application to work on over holidays
Yessil â€œkirr0yalâ€ Adil 10:11â€¯PM https://warpcast.com/kirr0yal/0x9d579c7e
Afolabi Aiyeloja 10:22â€¯PM https://discuss.octant.app/t/refi-dao-2-0-a-network-society-to-regenerate-the-earth/617
Matt Strachman 10:22â€¯PM https://x.com/gp_dev_guild/status/1868763003992392019
Afolabi Aiyeloja 10:23â€¯PM https://www.commonapproach.org/common-impact-data-standard/
+ Afolabi Aiyeloja 10:27â€¯PM https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/2025-trends-to-watch-gitcoin/19362  https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/allo-gitcoin-do-they-make-more-sense-together-or-seperate/19730 https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/capital-allocation-category-creation-strategy-2024/19256
Afolabi Aiyeloja 10:30â€¯PM https://certified.thriveprotocol.com/
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:28â€¯PM https://forum.polygon.technology/
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fLesRgHGDsFi6WPLatlRcqDEf-7xlx5g/view
You 8:32â€¯PM This was a good read: https://gov.optimism.io/t/lessons-learned-from-two-years-of-retroactive-public-goods-funding/9239
  I'm impressed by the high level of the steering of the collective/ecosystem.
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:46â€¯PM https://gov.optimism.io/t/the-future-of-optimism-governance/6471
  https://gov.optimism.io/t/season-7-intent/9292
  https://gov.optimism.io/t/introducing-octant/936
+ https://optimism.mirror.xyz/
  https://vote.optimism.io/
Gitcoin is the lowest hanging fruit
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:54â€¯PM https://manual.gitcoin.co/governance-roles/steward/how-to-become-a-gitcoin-steward
Afolabi Aiyeloja 9:07â€¯PM https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fLesRgHGDsFi6WPLatlRcqDEf-7xlx5g/view


â—Š December end-of-year Greenpill Community Call â€“ 11 dec 24, wed
Matt Strachman 7:37â€¯PM k POAP mint window is open ---- Enter the secret phrase into the POAP Home phone app > greenpill-new-year
@Leo posting on Telegram:
"Sorry Iâ€™m not able to join - am traveling rn and the internet is worse than expected?"
Afolabi Aiyeloja 7:53â€¯PM https://app.gardens.fund/gardens/42161/0x912ce59144191c1204e64559fe8253a0e49e6548/0x0f143af46eef341b3f0dbf98c3ecb47f57067fef
Paul Glavin 7:53â€¯PM https://calendly.com/paulglavin2
  @donny you can book here ^
  would love to chat!
Lana Dingwall 7:53â€¯PM i've gotta run - keep being awesome everyone@
koH io 7:54â€¯PM Bye! Matt can we add a calendly or LinkedIn to a charmverse doc for all that have listed them
+ Become a ReFi Token Launch Curator on Axis.Finance which creates a stable revenue stream and a validation mechanism for new projects in ReFi
Anton ProductShare 8:30â€¯PM Boys I gotta run, but dont forget The StakeShare grant program has nominated GP for a 1,1M PSS grant that is a revenue generator...consider getting onboarded into our Public Goods program:. Read more here: https://x.com/iPRODUCTSHARE/status/1865205957875155071
Matt Strachman 8:32â€¯PM https://x.com/gitcoin/status/1866891273044677072
Miro link (with edit rights):
https://miro.com/invite-link/process/?type=private_link_to_team_and_board&key=cEYwRElYaENVNEtHMTJIV2xXVkVSa0R6WXp5b3BjZmVoVVRiVmFxZHEremF3UEV4UTlCanpCZDRaYnh3RGM1dk1pdzdSTFRaNDdCRVhVRGVrZEs3ejhHQU5WTkRBVGhhM0x2aDJKUy9LamV0UHZqT2tFM3RGZ2Zpd0lmd3RNUXchZQ%3D%3D&link_id=578657199808


â—Š Dev Guild Meeting â€“ 10 dec 24, tue
- Add KarmaGap milestones for Hypercerts and AlloY workshops?
  + Which grant do the workshops fall under
Agenda
- Trivia night planning
- Payout reminder for community and BD - - Dev Guild survey
- Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:17â€¯PM Update Karma Gap by next week
- Discuss one thing to learn in 2025
  + Kit: get more builders into the Guild
Carmen Victoria Turmero Nuitter 8:12â€¯PM Hi I'm Carmen Victoria â€œVickyâ€ a passionate regenerator from Venezuela ðŸ‡»ðŸ‡ª creator of Vida Verde a project where we work through education, art, promoting greener lifestyles from the actions! https://linktr.ee/vida.verde.ve
Daniela Zschaber 8:29â€¯PM gotta go, folks! see u all soon @danimimm


â—Š Greenpill Dev Guild Chat â€“ 03 dec 24, tue
Agenda
ðŸŽ‰ End of Year Party
ðŸ› ï¸ Allo Yeeter Workshop
ðŸ“ˆ 2025 Grant Opportunities
ðŸŒ± Growing on Farcaster
Evan Hudson 8:23â€¯PM https://allo-yeeter.vercel.app/
Matt Strachman 8:26â€¯PM https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/workshop-video-editor-requirements-7823468519578849
koH io 9:01â€¯PM Evan, I'm eager to explore more ideas with IRL events


â—Š GP BD Meeting â€“ 02 dec 24, mon  
  Agenda for call today
    Review grant application status
    Set talking point for BD call with Sov
    Discuss potential grant opportunities
    Discuss partnership goals for 2025
- Add â€˜Watchâ€™ status to Grants array
+ Center For Collaborative Economics (CFCE) proposal
+ Check AIA LatAm effort


â—Š X Space with Rocketman from Vrbs â€“ 22 nov 24, fri
https://x.com/i/spaces/1dRKZdggWVdJB/peek
- [When talking about the grant funding] Itâ€™s curated by TCRs, invented by some dude at Consensus: Token C? Registries. 
- [There were some tech glitches in the beginning but then things evened out. Would make a good background listen.]


â—Š KarmaGap Workshop â€“ 20 nov 24, thu
- 24 people attending, notable names: Evo Swift, Yessil, Djimo (Bloom Network), KazanderDad (techie, has a Charmverse-like platform), Djimo Serodio (posted  https://www.ultragreen.money/)
- Mahesh Murthy, founder of Karma, is doing the presentation
- This is the Dev Guild Miro board:
  https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLCUVYBI=/?moveToWidget=3458764607739327268&cot=14
- If you share this link on Farcaster it renders as a frame (see greenpill-dev): 
  https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/greenpill-dev-guild
  - People can fund your project right from Farcaster.
Mahesh Murthy 5:59â€¯PM https://docs.gap.karmahq.xyz/
  https://github.com/show-karma/karma-gap-sdk


â—Š Dev Guild Meeting â€“ 19 nov 24, tue
Matt Strachman 8:11â€¯PM Izzy links, there's now a Zora mint:
  https://zora.co/collect/base:0x9b22eaf0f7a53de3cbdb920054ed5f2db9ec6c8a/1
  https://x.com/jhruth/status/1857404709864088047
  https://x.com/greenpillnet/status/1857503097158840349
Matt Strachman 8:21â€¯PM @Kit, Solana Multisig address is in that greenpillnet tweet above
- KarmaGap workshop: https://lu.ma/2v4e7e0m
Evan Hudson 8:45â€¯PM https://github.com/Urbanika
See https://giveth.io/project/urbanika-and-the-solarpunk-awakening?tab=updates
https://checker.gitcoin.co/public/project/show/urbanika
- Octant is taken over by Regen folks
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:46â€¯PM https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/submit-octant-community-grant-2536870933623476


â—Š Dev Guild Chat â€“ 15 oct 24, tue
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:09â€¯PM https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/636
https://app.charmverse.io/greenpi
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:14â€¯PM https://lu.ma/neyxpxv5
ll-dev-guild/gg22-allo-builders-advancement-014822420619412524
Sov or somebody uses Frame, likes it better than Rabby


Dev Guild Chat
Yessil â€œkirr0yalâ€ Adil 6:52â€¯PM posted his Warpcast playbook: https://sun9-32.userapi.com/impg/_v3sqnmBR1TTTR3XhIz99Kzwn5fOmxaceUdnXg/35X0PYv72pA.jpg?size=583x858&quality=96&sign=e382bef0a0d293dbe30ca259f42a849d&type=album
Yessil â€œkirr0yalâ€ Adil 7:00â€¯PM https://warpcast.com/ecosynthesisx/0xd52c99bc


Greenpill October Monthly Call
Izzy: starting in January Q1
- Esp with Regen CoordiNation
evo swift 7:21â€¯PM https://easyretropgf.xyz/green-sofa-easyretro-pgf-round/
- Using KarmaGap
evo swift 7:22â€¯PM https://x.com/karmahq_/status/1843279340940734765
- See https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/greensofa/impact
evo swift 7:35â€¯PM https://devouch.xyz/project/giveth/2986 Pls devouch greensofa
TYME: Teaching Young Minds Everyday
koH io 7:37â€¯PM I met Tymed through metagame and then met him in person this last ethdenverâ€¦ awesome guy!
Koko S 7:47â€¯PM @kokocares on tg
Monty Bryant 7:51â€¯PM https://celopg.notion.site/Regen-Coordination-Hub-11a2e7251f2f8091bcc9fd0caf288e72?pvs=4
Matt Strachman 7:57â€¯PM POAP secret passphrase is greenpill-treats - 2 hour mint window


GP Dev Guild Meeting
CauÃª Marcell Tomaz 8:13â€¯PM https://builder.gitcoin.co/#/chains/42161/rounds/636
Matt Strachman 8:13â€¯PM https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/gg22-community-round-proposal-allo-builders-advancement-round/19401
Matt Strachman 8:21â€¯PM https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/greenwill-5540898872039217
Nico Gallardo 8:24â€¯PM i wanted to invite you guys to a space im organising for octant epoch 5 participants - lmk when it's a good time to talk about it :)
Nico Gallardo 8:27â€¯PM docs.anyrand.com
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:28â€¯PM https://why.wefa.app
Evan Hudson 8:58â€¯PM https://catalyst2030.net/what-are-the-17-sustainable-goals/


WG Meeting
- Jeff Pribich was in attendance, Hyperladger Supply Chain co-chair
- [I arrived late, seemed to be a long discussion with a previous presentation.]
- Alex Howard to Everyone (8 Oct 2024, 17:38) posted these for Jeff:
  https://flur.ee/
  https://jellyfiiish.xyz/
Christiaan: Letâ€™s get back to the agenda
  - Christiaan is willing to do kind of a sprint and finish up the Ontology.
  - The last unresolved issues. Canonizing the OWL.
  - Willing to give it a hard push until the end of the year.
  - Then maybe issue a version 1.
Alex: suggests a relay, since â€œWeâ€™re all in different timezonesâ€. 
- [Goes into deep detail about certain elements of the Ontology]
- Next week we can asynchronously review the definitions.
- Christiaan Pauw (Nova Institute) to Everyone (8 Oct 2024, 17:54) for Jeff:
  https://aiadocs.netlify.app/
Kit: mentioned that Iâ€™m in touch with Monty. 
- Aiming for a 1.0 release is news, so if itâ€™s appropriate Iâ€™ll pass that on. 
Christiaan closes the meeting. 


GP BD Sync
CauÃª Marcell Tomaz 10:28â€¯PM
https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/web3js/grants/0x97c8113848cbf4ca660ef330bf68c4575a30049d78a046b593ec9a7ff02a5787/milestones-and-updates
https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/thedevanshmehta/grants/0xe3d52b24b6f2c376d4557156a115e675c58ddc9a7a609c68da1a11efe7e1354e/milestones-and-updates
Afolabi Aiyeloja 10:36â€¯PM
https://esp.ethereum.foundation/applicants/small-grants
CauÃª Marcell Tomaz 10:43â€¯PM
https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/ethereum-attestation-service-eas-2/grants/0x8fe58bdd069d00b4b094e7331368342f90efa2feda3bb0f874adb4b1d9274100/milestones-and-updates

Hypercert Workshop
Holke Brammer 5:09â€¯PM https://maearth.com/
  And I can go a level higher whenever needed ;) (I'm a political economist by training)
Lana Dingwall 5:18â€¯PM oh I am sad we missed each other!
bitbeckers (Ken) starts
Workshop Guide: https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/october-hypercerts-workshop-49761076582765296
Matt Strachman 5:42â€¯PM https://app.hypercerts.org/explore
Make that heart again Ken?
Matt Strachman 6:05â€¯PM https://miro.com/how-to-use-miro/
Matt Strachman 6:08â€¯PM https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVLbgdkyE=/
Yessil â€œkirr0yalâ€ Adil 6:08â€¯PM thx


GreenPill Community Call Messages â€“ 11 sep 24, wed

Rohit Malekar 7:17â€¯PM https://x.com/GreenPill_IND/status/1833890948146983264

Afolabi Aiyeloja 7:26â€¯PM https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-network/pod-resources-9447852923349562

Evo Swift, cofounder of [?] Asia, see DeSci Pod page
+ DeSci SINO at Singapore
+ Popup City by AuraSci

POAP secret: took-the-pod-pill

Post-meeting discussion and shills

AP 8:13â€¯PM https://docs.productshare.co
AP 8:15â€¯PM https://myps.link/litepaper
https://myps.link/deck
AP 8:24â€¯PM herbon.productshare.co
AP 8:35â€¯PM https://media.graphassets.com/TZGcE17HQwyh7XOfkqsk

Rodrigo NuÃ±Îžz 8:18â€¯PM
Hey, if anyone is going to be near Chiang Mai this October, you should apply!
Apply here: auraverse.life
Password: auraverse2024

koH io 8:37â€¯PM I'm going to drop a lil shill here. (super tired from giveth showcase and no sleep :D )
Hand Protocol needs your help with boost power! We just got verified and are ready to show you what weâ€™ve got cooking!
Since inception, we have had the honor to officially work with @Laboso Wambogo(mentor) @Existential Zoomer & @joseacabrerav  to address their immediate needs to make the impact they set out to do.
Weâ€™re only 1 month in and with no funding we managed to build a latrine for Laboso Caring
Foundation  to make sure the school stays open.
 # Hand Protocol: https://giveth.io/project/hand-protocol
 Laboso Caring Foundation: https://giveth.io/project/scholarship-programme-for-underprivileged-children
Lost Children of Benin City: https://giveth.io/project/documentary-about-nigerian-human-trafficking
 Music Onboarding Machine: https://giveth.io/project/digital-street-musician-doing-free-live-concert

sidick sidibe 8:42â€¯PM https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1mnGeAPRNENGX

Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:46â€¯PM https://unlock-protocol.com/

koH io 8:46â€¯PM https://gap.karmahq.xyz/
- [Is doing Hand Protocol, he's also on Warpcast]

koH, to donate:
https://giveth.io/es/project/huottoja-university-of-ancestral-knowledge
Donate $5 to three projects
Get a Giveth NFT, 100 XDAI


GP Dev Guild Meet â€“ 10 sep 24, tue

[Didnâ€™t take any notes, these are posts in the comments.]

Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:38â€¯PM   

    https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/green-goods-arbitrum-refi-grant-8954212522333262


Hypercerts
- Some history: https://github.com/hypercerts-org/hypercerts/discussions/1259

- Hypercerts are displaying on OpenSean now:
CauÃª Marcell Tomaz 9:00â€¯PM
  https://opensea.io/0xAcD59e854adf632d2322404198624F757C868C97
  My wallet

Matt 9:02â€¯PM
  https://hub.greenpill.network/t/creating-greenpill-dao-or-regen-dao/118/6

+ Check out VRBS DAO (like NOUNS)

Yessil â€œkirr0yalâ€ Adil 9:32â€¯PM     

    https://giveth.io/project/ecosynthesisx-public-good-funding-impact-market


Afolabi Aiyeloja 9:35â€¯PM

    https://giveth.io/qf/all



GP Dev Guild Meet â€“ 03 sep 24, tue

Attending: Afo (host), Matt, Chris Georgen (Change Code), Nansel, Leo, Tarun Gupta, 3rdWorld Izzy. Later Coi, Athus Linhares, Evan Hudson, Daniel Adebimpe, Yessil Adil

Agenda:
  Intro
  - Octant Round Acceptance
  - GG21 Results
  - ReFi in Arb Completion
  Discussion
  - Gitcoin RFP
  - Diversifying Treasury
  - Bringing More Builders

GG21 Results
kitblake 8:13â€¯PM This is the result for the Climate Round: https://climatecoordination.org/datatabase/climate-round-portal/climate-round-results-gg21 (before matching)
Nansel: take time now to check your promised milestones, do KarmaGap, etc.
Nansel Rimsah 8:17â€¯PM Link to Karma Gap for more clarity: https://gap.karmahq.xyz/

ReFi in Arb Completion
Afo: Green Goods, really excited about this
Coi: Itâ€™s a like a child, giving birth.
- Yesterday I delivered the food basket for the participants.
- We have already 16 community tokens.
Afo: we were talking to Silvi about [collaboration]
Coi: I want to talk about Silvi integration
- Another module or set of tools we are building
- We will have raw data from GreenGoods, the observations
- Create tool to make it easy for specialists to review the data
- Weâ€™ll get the data from IPFS, show it in an interface, Athus can you explain?
Athus: the user would login and start to see the images that are registered
- The specialist can fill the input fields, theyâ€™ll be recorded as an app
- [More details]
Afo: are there any diagrams or documentation?
Coi: itâ€™s in Portuguese, weâ€™ll have it in English soon
Afo: thatâ€™s the integration with Silvi right there, in a nutshell
- Please follow the GreenGoods account on Twitter
Leo 9:08â€¯PM Feel free to interact with this post by greenpill network regarding the dev guild :) https://twitter.com/greenpillnet/status/1831034157910421901?s=21

Gitcoin RFP
Matt 8:07â€¯PM https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/rfp-allo-yeeter-build/19277
Afo: [shows a Figma UI, walks thru it]
3rdWorld Izzy: itâ€™s good for Allo
Afo: shows off the Loom from Owacki in the above doc [nice to see Owocki]
Evan Hudson: we just built something like this for Arb round
Afo: wow, what a coincidence, we need to submit it
Evan: I can work on it this afternoon
Coi: Iâ€™d like to participate
Evan: lewall and George worked on it together and Julian coordinated
- Iâ€™m not sure were the code lives
- Do you want me to setup a synchronous call? This week?
- It uses a factory pattern, based on volunteering events.
- Creates a standardized contract, everyone enters their wallets, allocates
- Itâ€™s based around NFTs to show someone is onboarded, it could be adapted
Afo: I think theyâ€™re intending for people to build this for Allo
Matt 9:01â€¯PM https://discord.gg/n6ebKsX46w?ref=blog.obol.org
- This is the Obol Discord: theyâ€™ll share a recording
Afo: having done it as a solo staker, itâ€™s very stressful at times [staking]
Matt 9:37â€¯PM We have migrated from the Network Charmverse to our own. dev guild charmverse invite - https://app.charmverse.io/invite/2bb32b
+ @abhi Check if you're in the Dev Guild Charmverse


GP Dev Guild X Space â€“ 30 aug 24, fri
Title: Greenpill Dev Guild X Metagame - Learn about community building, product development, and the state of the regen space.
Afo - Format is Past, Present, Future
- How did MetaCartel transform into MetaGame?
@dysbulic
  - The liquidity from MetaPool was distributed to developers, using SourceCred.
  - It ranked the Github activity and scored with PageRank.
  - Kept hitting rate limits, no one is maintaining it, it fell by the wayside.
  - Eventually migrated to Coordinate (Ape).
- ENS provides a username and PFP, and thatâ€™s usually enough for identity. 
  - So the profiling is falling by the wayside.
  - Three people are getting a stipend. Iâ€™m getting around 1k a month.
Afo - dealing with the ebb & flow
@dysbulic - The money is a big part of the equation, even though weâ€™re idealists
Matt - A lot of whatâ€™s being built is cumulative
@dysbulic - I made some pull requests into Ceramic, trying to get it to work for MetaGame
@dysbulic - There was a separate initiative called QuestChain.
- Weâ€™re in the process of removing the old academy and switching to QuestChain. 
- You would start at the MetaGame academy. 
- Iâ€™ve not been the vision behind that at all, Iâ€™ve been technical support.
Matt - we had a couple conversations about how to manage the Guild treasury.
- Itâ€™s the stablecoin aspect and diversifying. We have a ton of Arb. 
- An official mandated treasury management system. Weâ€™re in beginning stages.
- In Sept weâ€™re launching GreenGoods. 
- Weâ€™re going to start doing some workshops, through the GP Network.
  - Weâ€™ll record them. [names the workshops in the poll]
Afo - getting people to do attestations.
@dysbulic - we said weâ€™d get 150 people to complete a Playbook. We paid $5.
- Iâ€™m looking at QuestChain and how they structured their contracts. 
Afo - we need a place to collect.
Matt - how can somebody contribute. If youâ€™re in the MetaGame Discord. 
- Was working on the Academy Playbook. Itâ€™s a slow start but Iâ€™m bullish on it.
Nansel - working on community onboarding. What weâ€™re doing on Warpcast. 
- Happy to see where that goes.

GP Dev Guild Meet â€“ 20 aug 24, tue
Attending: Afo (host), Yessil Adil, Matt, Marcus Dutra, Chris Georgen (Change Code), Nansel, Marcin UXA (also host), Coi, Leo joined towards the end
Afolabi Aiyeloja
- Green Goods in Brazil with Coi will be starting.
- We got into the Octant Epoch 5, couple things we need to do there.
- We appreciate [GP] support in the â€œWeb3 Grants Ecosystemâ€œ round: https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/385
Kit
- Shills the Anthropogenic Impact Accounting Ontology project: 
  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/388/33
Chris
- Shills their â€œToken Engineering the Superchainâ€ project
- [Theyâ€™re in the Climate Solutions round as well]
CauÃª Marcell Tomaz  8:20â€¯PM
- Hey Team, how's it going? greenpillbrasil its also participating on GG21, we're running on 3 rounds this time. 
  Climate - @climate_program
  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/388/50 
  Regen Coord - @RegenCoordinate
  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42220/14/47
  DeSci
  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/387/24
- Talks about plans for Green Goods Rio Claro MutirÃ¤o. Starts in 4 days.
- Afo: there will be a call where people can see whatâ€™s going on.
Matt 8:22â€¯PM
- And here's Kit's collection with the entire Climate round  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/collections/bafkreifh73ahzdcame5cesy5boiaqqqwj4topdr6cqvj7yvsajl2rua52u
Matt 8:23â€¯PM
https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42220/14/18
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:28â€¯PM
https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/387/58
Afolabi Aiyeloja 8:39â€¯PM
https://octantapp.notion.site/Low-Key-bLock-party-a4450017fcf8434f8523c0924c66c669
- [Talks about the Octant collaboration]
- Thereâ€™s a dual group call on Thurs at noon CET [Iâ€™ll be on a plane]
- [Then we discussed doing workshops where the Dev Guild would show Chapter members How-To do this or that, e.g. ENS, Charmverse, Hypercerts, etc.]


CCN X Space â€“ 15 aug 24, thu
Cross pollination @GG#21 [shill it forward]
Speakers: CCN Pranav Khanna (Host), Jon, Money (RefiDAO), Benjamin (Cofounder OpenCivics), DeSci Gitcoin (Ivo? Chinese accent, cofounder of DeSci Asia), Elephant Room Climate Community (Sarah), Coleen (Solar Foundation)
Jon
- Weâ€™re seeing lower amounts of donations than in previous rounds.
- Would like to see more donations in the Decentralized Science and Art in Psychedelics round.
Monty (@ReFiDAOist)
- If you donate in GloDollars youâ€™ll get airdropped REGEN tokens, the more the merrier.
Ivo DeSci Gitcoin [missed his shill]
Benjamin
- Also seeing lower amounts. Scott Morris has an inspired double proposal.
- Solar Punk / Lunar Punk, how can we categorize
- Graceâ€™s proposal GraceDAO, Grace Rachmany
- Super emergent alpha: at the DWeb campout in the redwood forest, Prima Vera
  - Bio-regional popup villages, focus on supporting local communities
  - This will be my theme for 2025.
Sarah Elephant Room
- Open Civics round, bio-regions [project, missed the name]
- Itâ€™s summer, people are off on holidays
- Impact Grant from GG20, project could be assessed by experts
Colleen Solar Foundation
- Washika DAO, Helpers Social Development
Maria DeScientist from Brazil, since GG15
- Decentralized publication journal
ReFi MedellÃ­n, first local node in Columbia, five local nodes now
- Addendum
Grace
- RN DAO [?] Mentoring
Chris from Change Code
- Engineering round, Bonding curve project
- Hypercerts and EAS, both are in the Celo Builders round
Mars from Impact Evaluation Foundation
- Dryvix Akasha
- Would love to work with all of you, LetsGrowDAO
Oxygen Chain
- Aqua perch?

Couldn't get on stage to shill but I posted a comment in the Space:
The Anthropogenic Impact Accounting Ontology (AIAO) enables the description of human impact on any environment. Entities reporting for the Paris Climate Accord can not only use the same definitions, but also the same concepts. This is fundamental work:
https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/388/33


GP Network Community Meet â€“ 14 aug 24, wed
Attending: 20 people, 3rdWorld Izzy (lead, in Nigeria, but urban American accent), Afo, Matt S, Yessil, Owocki, Abraham Becker, Guild Clericsâ€¦
- Matt 7:07â€¯PM https://refi-dao.notion.site/Regen-Coordi-Nation-Portal-2bfc9ecc725743878491812edccf4430#c04c233c637d44fa8c5fc9aae95078e5
  https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42220/14
  Donation window closes August 21st 18:59 EDT
- Yessil says Warpcast is like a combo of Instagram and Reddit.
- Matt 7:18â€¯PM
  https://pods.media/greenpill
- Matt 7:20â€¯PM
  https://hub.greenpill.network/t/network-onboarding-revamp/87
  https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-network/home-747068948032567
- 3rdWorld Izzy 7:26â€¯PM
  https://hub.greenpill.network/t/discord-pod-channels/88
Workshop
Afolabi Aiyeloja 7:32â€¯PM   https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/ZnhNMTY1ZjBPTDRpSDk5MUJVQVNZQktmdENyN2c4dk5zazVxNzgxdzU5Q0lBSUJiTlBhQ0luOUkxS2cweUF4MnwzNDU4NzY0NTE2MjA0MjE5MDQ1fDI=?share_link_id=137397355423
- Coi (CauÃ©) mentioned an ontology
- Evan Hudson 7:45â€¯PM
  Here is a resource that I think would be a great partnership for GreenPil, Samantha Powersâ€™ bioregional finance. Already working with Regen Networks and ReFi DAO  https://www.biofi.earth/
- Afo: WEFA https://why.wefa.app
- Evan Hudson 8:39â€¯PM
  @mario your idea of web3/crypto zakat is really cool and I would love to explore that with you further to find out if we can support you in that goal.
- Amio 8:40â€¯PM
  I am Amio from Nigeria a community builder and Educator
  Part of Greenpill Nigeria (especially on education and environmental front  with Bc FCET ) and  also contributing with the writers Guild in the Green pill
- mario nurcahyanto [based in Indonesia] 8:41â€¯PM
  Sure hudson, currently we're on Discussion with LazizNU, one of organization that handles Zakat dristribution, they want to make it more transparent, and can track the impact of zakat distribution, and we really hope that we can deploy the pilot program with them
- Trinity Morphy 8:44â€¯PM
  Link to our ReFi project DB https://carboncopy.news/projects/


GP Dev Guild Meet â€“ 13 aug 24, tue
Attending: Afo (Lead), Matt S, CauÃ© Tomaz, Nansel Rimsah (design), Yessil Adil @kirroyal, 3rdWorldIzzy (maybe from GloDollar), Chris Georgen, Alexander Mangel
- It seems thereâ€™s an old Charmverse and a new one, this is the new one:
  https://app.charmverse.io/invite/2bb32b
  - [But after login it seems like Iâ€™m already in, or my data has been migrated]
+ ToDo: join https://guild.xyz/greenpill-dev-guild
- Also https://app.charmverse.io/greenpill-dev-guild/forum
- Miro link from branding session: https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/dFJ5QXUyWkJsT2IzRElRU2NrdTRwVnE3d0F1YTJ5NGlTV3I4NWpZUG1uU0N5OW1KbXBLaEZpcVQ2bHlvR0FXZHwzNDU4NzY0NTE2MjA0MjE5MDQ1fDI=?share_link_id=627197502316
- Yessil: wants to run rounds for Dev Guild and Greenpill
https://rounds.wtf/nouns/play-nouns-24
Matt Strachman 9:05â€¯PM Network Community call tomorrow: https://lu.ma/yh6bejwc
- Job: theyâ€™re looking for a senior engineer, first Maintaining the Bounty Board


GP Dev Guild branding session

These are notes that Afo put on the Miro board in advance:

Creating a strong brand for the Greenpill Dev Guild involves capturing the essence of your mission and values while resonating with your target audience. Here are some thoughts and suggestions for your branding:
Core Themes

    Regeneration and Sustainability: Focus on imagery and messaging that highlight ecological restoration, sustainability, and positive environmental impact.

    Innovation and Technology: Emphasize your cutting-edge approach with elements that reflect blockchain technology, decentralized systems, and forward-thinking development.

    Community and Collaboration: Showcase the community aspect, emphasizing collaboration, inclusivity, and shared goals.


Branding Elements
Logo

    Design: Consider a modern, minimalist design that incorporates natural elements (like leaves or trees) with digital motifs (like blocks or networks).

    Colors: Use earthy tones (greens, browns) combined with tech-oriented colors (blues, greys) to balance nature with technology.

    Typography: Choose a clean, readable font that conveys professionalism and modernity.


Tagline

    Consider taglines that convey your mission succinctly, such as "Building a Sustainable Future" or "Empowering Regenerative Technology."


Visual Style

    Imagery: Use visuals that combine nature with technology, like digital forests, blockchain trees, or network ecosystems.

    Graphics: Include illustrations that depict regeneration cycles, growth, and community collaboration.


Voice and Tone

    Friendly and Inclusive: Ensure your messaging is approachable and encourages community involvement.

    Inspirational and Visionary: Inspire action and innovation with visionary language that communicates your long-term goals and impact.

Channels and Content

    Website and Social Media: Ensure consistency across all platforms with your visual identity and messaging. Highlight success stories, ongoing projects, and community contributions.

    Merchandise: Consider eco-friendly merchandise like reusable products that further communicate your commitment to sustainability.

Engagement

    Partnerships: Highlight partnerships with organizations and initiatives that align with your mission, strengthening credibility and reach.

    Community Involvement: Encourage user-generated content, feedback, and active participation in guild activities.

By aligning your branding with these themes and elements, you can create a cohesive and compelling identity for the Greenpill Dev Guild that resonates with your audience and supports your mission.


GP Dev Guild Meet â€“ 06 aug 24, tue

Attending: Afo (Lead), Matt S, CauÃ© Tomaz, Knot Studios, Yessil @kirroyal, Athus 

    Linhares, Ed Fleming, Evan Hudson, Julian Kingman, Iawal Bagatunde, Marcus Dutra, Nansel Rimsah

GG21
- GP Dev has been approved for â€œThriving Arbitrum Summerâ€ round.
- I posted: For Climate Round applicants, Jon West of CCN wrote on Telegram:
  â€œWe have extended the application deadline until 8/5 23:59 UTC.â€
Grant Ships
- Tom from Knot Studios is on the Tree Tales team, one of the Grant Ships. Itâ€™s a game dealing with deforestation.
  - Itâ€™s a prototype. Interface between players and the impact theyâ€™re making.
  - Thereâ€™s a â€˜Digital Forestâ€™ inside the game.
  - Athus Linhares is involved too.
- Afo talked about Cloudlines, CauÃ© is a (ship?) operator.
  - CauÃ© the token is down but we are bullish, hoping for recovery.
ReFi In Arbitrum grants
- Change, projects now have to be done before the end of August.
- Evan, Julian, and Iawal are working together [on some project]
- Evan: we talked to [Edgy] from Greenpill Nigeria, weâ€™ll focus on tech aspects
- Iawal (btw, is from Nigeria and the same tribe as Afo). Testing edge cases.
- CauÃ©: we are still looking for an engineering person, adding to our stack
- Evan: Happy to work with Geen Goods, continue the conversation in the Tg group
Impact Reef
- Stepping into the Optimism ecosystem, theyâ€™ve changed the [approach]
- We pivoted the project more towards endorsement
Marketing on Farcaster
- Afo maybe Matt can speak to Luciano about opening up the channel
- Yessil: main goal is to grow the green-pill channel, get more active users.
  - Got more followers, get more attention.
- Yessil will talk with Lao later
Matt: do fill in the LettuceMeet app if you wanna participate in the branding
  https://lettucemeet.com/l/X1ppJ
  https://lu.ma/yh6bejwc
- Weâ€™re still looking for an Engineering Lead [not sure who â€˜weâ€™ is]
  - Afo: to mainly help sourcing developers, somebody who has senior level
  - Not even fully coding but has experience. Guide the tech stack going forward
  - Anybody looking to do Regen work, itâ€™s not necessarily paid


GP X Space â€“ 26 jul 24, fri

Speakers
  Afo: Favorite tooL is Allo Protocol
  Matt UI369: Fav is GrantShips
  Martsen: publicgoods.ai
  Coi: BD on Dev Guild, fav is Hypercerts, GrantShips
  Izzy: @Decentralized some role at GP network
  bitbeckers.: works on Hypercerts, likes Octant
  Matt S: NYC Chapter, fav is QF
  0xWildhare: Hypercerts
  Nansel: design in Dev Guild, fav Hypercerts
  Boiler (Chris): sweeping floors, operations
  Owocki is there, also Wasabi, many more, 26 in total

Section 1: GrantShips â€“ past, present, future
- We all met at DAO House or Haus
- DAOs are effective structural governance systems
- Matt: mission is help DAOs win, e.g. GrantShips
- Afo: current tooling impression
- MattU: despite the promise itâ€™s really technically challenging, smart contracts
  - Like Hats Protocol, useful for lots of different projects
  - Allo is a huge value add, GrantShips is one of the earlier examples
  - Want to build more but not the centralized monolithic winner mentality
  - Weâ€™re building the end user experience on top of these protocols
- Boiler Chris: became cumbersome when the entire community is making decisions
  - Certain individuals or groups should go ahead, GrantShips follow that idea
  - Give somebody the empowerment to do what theyâ€™re good at, with DAO in bg
- Afo: what were some of the biggest surprises, what can we expect in Round 2
- MattU: we got 90,000 ARB to run the data tests, have our own grants program
  - Suddenly weâ€™re running a grants program instead of building an app
  - We had to choose a domain to focus on, we settled on gaming
  - Had to get people engaged, that was surprising
  - Needed to find a host, to take us into a sub-community
- Boil: we have our own space coming up
- Afo: what are some future plans for the [missed] protocol (Stem?)
- Boil: we needed something that would work modularly that would plug into app
  - Originally using Joker, doesnâ€™t allow you to get the votes into your app
  - Then we started with GrantShips, the contracts can be used for diff things
  - That will allow Arb token holders to hold votes when they want to
- MattU: we won two grants and we chose GrantShips
- Coi: thanks for onboarding our ship, really excited about the second round
  - How can we make this matching fund
- Boil: you guys were a really good example, custom version of an All contract
- MattU: next round starts on Monday
- Afo: if you have a gaming project and wann bring it onchain, reach out

Section 2: bitbeckers and whatâ€™s going on with Hypercerts
- Afo: past, present, future
- bitbeckers: Hypercerts came out of an idea at Protocol Labs
  - We put everything on Optimism, then worked with Gitcoin
  - People started creating Hypercerts for Gitcoin Passport and airdrops
  - Realized we needed evaluation
- Afo: what are the updates youâ€™re working on
- bit: on protocol level not much has changed, needed to update our indexing
  - TheGraph wouldnâ€™t service our needs, we setup an API
  - Using Tailwind and [something with GM], updated SDK, marketplace SDK
  - Devs get an API, a graph, an SDK
- Afo: what are you doing for indexing?
- Bit: Pounder, we missed the boat, so itâ€™s a service running an Railway
  - Pounder looks promising, will use it down the line
  - Itâ€™s live on testnet, heading towards the QA period, 1 or 2 weeks
  - You can try testnet.hypercerts.org
- Benjamin Life: asked user oriented questions about schemas and such
- Center for Collaborative Economy @C4CollabEcon: shoutout for the EBF
  - Environmental Benefits Framework, co-create, co-design for interoperability

[There was much more but it got quite technical and I stopped taking notes.]

For example:
* https://pad.riseup.net/p/1234-tmp => deleted after 1 day of inactivity
* https://pad.riseup.net/p/1234 => deleted after 60 days of inactivity
* https://pad.riseup.net/p/1234-keep => deleted after 365 days of inactivity



